README.md, before:

looppulse.web.app
=================

Loop Pulse Application Server

Setup and run
=================

1. install meteor
2. change the settings.json.sample into settings.json
3. run with `meteor --settings server/settings.json`
4. setup security settings in firebase application for receiving events

   - Open the `Security and Rules` tab in your firebase application. Replace the content with the following:
  ```
  {
    "rules": {
      "workspaces": {
        "$workspaceId": {
          ".read": false,
          ".write": "auth != null && auth.workspaceId == $workspaceId"
        }
      }
    }
  }
  ```

Organization and Account Creation
======================================

1. Launch app.
2. Open the console on the browser ([Bug](https://github.com/meteor-velocity/velocity/issues/227) in Velocity prevents us doing the following in `meteor shell`)
3. Run

   `Meteor.call('createWorkspaceAndOrganizationAndUser',{name: 'workspace name', poiDescriptors: { one : 'singular', many: 'plural'} }, {name: 'org name'}, {email: 'email', password: 'pwd'})` 

Invitation
==========

 If you have already created an organization, you could also create an invitation on `meteor shell` with the following command:

  `Invitations.create({organizationId: YOUR_ORGANIZATION_ID, requestorId: REQUESTOR_ID, inviteeEmail: INVITEE_EMAIL})`

Create Application
==================

 To create an application, such as simulator and SDKs for authenticate API, you could call this in browser console.

 `Meteor.call("addApplication", { "name" : "mandatory", workspaceId : "mandatory", token : "optional" }, function(e,r) { console.log(r); });`

Create Point of Interest(POI)
==================

 Same same la,

 `Meteor.call("addPoi",
   { workspaceId : "must",
                    name : "must",
                    beacon : { uuid : "must", major : "must", minor : "must" }
                  }, function(e,r) { console.log(r); });

Technical Note
=================

- CSS: SCSS
- HTML: spacebars (aka. handlebars)

Commit message:

Server method to create organization from JSON.

README.md, after:

looppulse.web.app
=================

Loop Pulse Application Server

Setup and run
=================

1. install meteor
2. change the settings.json.sample into settings.json
3. run with `meteor --settings server/settings.json`
4. setup security settings in firebase application for receiving events

   - Open the `Security and Rules` tab in your firebase application. Replace the content with the following:
  ```
  {
    "rules": {
      "workspaces": {
        "$workspaceId": {
          ".read": false,
          ".write": "auth != null && auth.workspaceId == $workspaceId"
        }
      }
    }
  }
  ```

Create organization and all related entities
============================================
1. Create a json file and upload to a cloud storage [Sample](https://s3-ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/looppulse-app-dev/testing.json)
2. Open the console on the browser ([Bug](https://github.com/meteor-velocity/velocity/issues/227) in Velocity prevents us doing the following in `meteor shell`)
3. Run

  `Meteor.call('importOrganizationsFromUrl', 'PATH TO JSON')`

Organization and Account Creation
======================================

1. Launch app.
2. Open the console on the browser ([Bug](https://github.com/meteor-velocity/velocity/issues/227) in Velocity prevents us doing the following in `meteor shell`)
3. Run

   `Meteor.call('createWorkspaceAndOrganizationAndUser',{name: 'workspace name', poiDescriptors: { one : 'singular', many: 'plural'} }, {name: 'org name'}, {email: 'email', password: 'pwd'})`

Invitation
==========

 If you have already created an organization, you could also create an invitation on `meteor shell` with the following command:

  `Invitations.create({organizationId: YOUR_ORGANIZATION_ID, requestorId: REQUESTOR_ID, inviteeEmail: INVITEE_EMAIL})`

Create Application
==================

 To create an application, such as simulator and SDKs for authenticate API, you could call this in browser console.

 `Meteor.call("addApplication", { "name" : "mandatory", workspaceId : "mandatory", token : "optional" }, function(e,r) { console.log(r); });`

Create Point of Interest(POI)
==================

 Same same la,

 `Meteor.call("addPoi",
   { workspaceId : "must",
                    name : "must",
                    beacon : { uuid : "must", major : "must", minor : "must" }
                  }, function(e,r) { console.log(r); });

Technical Note
=================

- CSS: SCSS
- HTML: spacebars (aka. handlebars)
